WHY CHOOSE US
Choosing the right Estate Agency could be the most important decision that you make. The right Estate Agency can make the difference between your property being sold quickly at the right price or not being sold at all.
Property is our passion here at Self9 City. Through hardwork, dedication and boundless enthusiasm coupled with just a year of experience, we have managed to establish a reputation as one of the most successful firms of estate agencies in Ghana. We offer a comprehensive and professional marketing Service which we believe, is second to none and put simply, we do more and work harder to sell or rent your property.


VISSION
To be the choice for anyone considering buying, selling or renting a property in Ghana and provide service to an outstanding standard, building key relationships.
Mission
Our mission is to provide Ghana with a real estate agency that listens to client needs along with a loyal customer base, professional team and sterling reputation.

Values
We will show integrity, carry out our job with passion, respect one another, show the utmost professionalism and work as a team to meet our clients’ needs.

ABOUT US

At Self9 City, we are your one-stop-shop for all things Real Estate. With a resolution to always offer 5-star Service to our clients, we are here for you and all your property requirements and queries. At the crux of our Business is that, we work relentlessly to provide hassle-free tailored Real Estate advice and Consultancy for Investors and Families alike who are looking to find the perfect home.
We take pride in our diverse portfolio, of not just services but also the Self9 City team members.
Established in 2021. Today, we do not only help our clients buy and lease a property but also manage their property, help you find the right financing options or get them the perfect holiday home. We pride ourselves in being transparent, honest and professional to deliver the best results for our clients. We build Smart and Intelligent homes of Positivity, Happy Energy, Beauty and Dignity, Security, Diversity and also connect you to Nature.


Box GP 3386, Accra

GT-358-8053

https://twitter.com/self9city?s=09

https://www.instagram.com/self9city/

https://m.facebook.com/self9city/?notif_t=page_invite_accept&notif_id=1622816759559239&ref=m_notif

Email : self9city@gmail.com